Yes, but in a relative term. Actually, our mind works like a double-edged sword it is not only very good at solving problems but also very good at sticking with the addictions. For example, just seeing the use of the internet nowadays gives us the tremendous possibility, that one can send messages to anyone anywhere on this earth. He can learn anything anywhere but not all of us are able to use this opportunity, most of us are involved in a variety of entertainment from various sources on the Internet and get addicted to it and we think and take it as normal. So overall rate of technology development has no doubt increased but It also has a serious repercussion on us.

I don't think most of the humans would evolve at the per rate of technological development instead of that they got addicted to different entertainment provided with the advancement of technologies. So is there no way to solve this problem which emerged due to  advancement of technologies and continous humans  exchange with it?

There is a way if we dont allow this rate of development to happen accidently. I mean if we accept the serious repercussion of rapid development of technologies on us at government level then we can adopt an strategy at institutional level to sort it out. Since we can not deny the rapid development in technologies, It is like an engines of human civilization which eventually allowing us to be more efficient, productive and helping expansion of human conscoisness in a faster rate.So if a man who was living in 19 centuries or before had less experience than those who are living now and enjoying the fruits of technological development.

After thinking for a while I have come to certain conclusion to solve this problem first we have to accept it that excessive use of technologies causes addiction and start an initiative to make our self more strong emotionally sothat we dont get addicted to it. But as a human we should also need to understand such program should be based on age groups because intellectual level of juvenile, adult and 